##  Making edits to a topic

If you're making edits to a topic page, the following fields are available for use. Not all fields are required.

### aliases
(if applicable) Synonyms for the

For example, `api` makes sense in the `related` field for the `graphql` topic, but because many
repositories tagged with `api` are _not_ be associated with `graphql`, `api` does not make sense
in the `aliases` field for `graphql`.

Each alias must be formatted like that topic's `topic` field (same as the URL slug). Acceptable formatting:

* Starts with a letter or number
* Contains only letters, numbers, and hyphens
* At most 35 characters long

### created_by
(if applicable) Names of the people and/or organizations who authored the topic (NOT your name). For example, `Jordan Walke` is the author of `react`.

### display_name
(required) The topic name that will be displayed on the topic page (ex. `React`). Should use proper noun capitalization. Emoji are not allowed.

### github_url
(if applicable) URL of the topic's official GitHub organization or repository. Must start with `https://github.com/`.

### logo
(if applicable) The official logo associated with that topic. You must have permission to use this logo. If no official logo exists, do not include an image.

If you're submitting content for a topic page, upload the image to the topic's folder and put its name (ex. `logo.png`) here. The image must be square, `*.png` format, dimensions 288x288. The file name must be the same as the `topic` with an image extension.

### related
(if applicable) Any related topics you can think of. Related topic suggestions are automatically generated by GitHub, but you have the option to call out any specific topics here.

Each related topic must be formatted like that topic's 
```

### created_by
(if applicable) GitHub username of the person and/or organization that authored the collection.

### display_name
(required) The collection name that will be displayed on its page (ex. `How to choose (and contribute to) your first open source project`). Should use proper noun capitalization. Emoji are not allowed.

### The body of your document
(required) A longer description of the collection, which will appear on its page. Must be 1,000 characters or less. Some Markdown is allowed, such as links. Emoji are allowed.
